# PERSONAL WEB
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrkV-OIfUB0>
#### Description:
######    My name is Faakhir Ul Hassan Zahid,took cs50x from Pakistan.This is my final projects documentation that helps to understand the web app i've developed and the logic behid its code.
######    My basic focus during this development was to use develope front-end as much as I can.so, I used many of the bootstramps documentations as they are mentioned in the index.html page code.Also, i used background editing features of w3schools.Alongwith all these i furthermore used some other css features in my styles.css file.
######   in index.html file i used nav-bars and used an icon,though it dosnt appears sometimes:) then some of my basic information about myself i wanted to share with you.To make my web app more intractive ive used a coputer science related photo for background that automatically fits to any screen window.
######   These nav-bar contains links to t-rex game and insta-reels and one of my sources for this project that is w3school.In acordionv below ive also added my contact details if any wanna contact my he or she cann contact me through it.
######   To add some dinamic features in my web ive used python alongwith SQL and some kindda jinja santax that allows users to demand a web app they wanna create from me,or they can rate my web app.
######   I have used flask framework to develope this web app it took much efforts but it was fun to wrok in flask framework its programmer friendly in nature.Flask is a micro web framework written in Python. It is classified as a microframework because it does not require particular tools or libraries. It has no database abstraction layer, form validation, or any other components where pre-existing third-party libraries provide common functions.
######   Tecnologies or languages ive used are:python,SQL,html,css,jinja syntax.python was basicaly used to direct the actions to do in a dynamic web app.While SQl allows us to store data effectively is a domain-specific language used in programming and designed for managing data held in a relational database management system (RDBMS), or for stream processing in a relational data stream management system (RDSMS). It is particularly useful in handling structured data, i.e. data incorporating relations among entities and variables.While ive used SQLite3 version of it.
######   Jinja santax allowed us to embended coding of loops and conditions and pages within pages. Notice that it stores all data of comments in comments.db and provides users an attractive avatar for them.this was cs50's final project..